All right, you are watching and
listening to the electronic inifat. I am
John Elmer. This is the resistance
report for day 958
of Israel's genocide in Gaza and day 80
of Hezbollah's defense of South Lebanon.
I will be covering week 11 of the battle
in South Lebanon shortly, but we're
going to start in Gaza where the Kasam
brigade's chief is al-Had was
assassinated on Friday. The top Kasam
commander, we could take a look at the
martyr poster that was put up. people
are familiar with these that Kasam has
put up for their leaders. Um, Hadad was
assassinated. Uh, Kasam called it a
cowardly assassination. I think that's a
a pretty fair uh description for killing
somebody who was on the battlefield for
2 years. Um, untouchable, leading the
resistance in the north of Gaza. Um,
there was many opportunities for Israel
in a fair fight to um to fight the
resistance and they couldn't do it. they
failed. Um, you know, his nickname, like
pretty much every Kasam commander is,
you know, the ghost of Kasam or some
form of being a ghost because the
Israelis could never find him even
though he traveled back and forth to the
front lines uh all over. He was in
charge of the reconstruction of the
Cassam brigades in the north during the
battle. Um, and Israel kills him in a
house with his daughter and his wife and
kills their neighbors. And that is just
normalized.
um in Israel that you can carry out that
kind of a massacre um to to kill a
commander that you had two full years on
the battlefield um to fight. Hadad is a
longtime Gaza brigade commander. He's a
Nak Nukbuff elite special forces
commander. He replaced Muhammad Sinir um
when Sinar was ar um assassinated about
a year ago. Um, Sinoir himself replaced
Muhammad Dave, who was assassinated in
July of 2024 after 22 years as the chief
of staff of the Kasam brigades. We can
take a look at the next uh image. This
is uh Isidian Al-Had literally
announcing the launch of the October 7th
uh special forces raid uh the crossing
and attack of the Gaza Division. It says
um the translation under there says in
the name of God and with God's blessing
the attack begins. So he's a central
figure in this not only in the
preparation but the execution of the
operation. Um a skilled commander who
had uh survived from the beginnings uh
of the uh Cassam brigades um existing as
a group. So he was very much uh involved
in uh all parts of the October 7th raid
from the planning to the execution um
the entire idea um of the resistance
operation um and he was one of the small
uh core group that uh that knew about
that operation um and the intentions for
that operation. We take a look at the
next one. It's u martyr poster here by
the PFLP because of course all the
factions uh salute uh the loss of the
commander uh is al-hadad. Um we we heard
from all resistance factions but we also
heard from Hezbollah. Um, Hezbollah said
this is a flagrant violation of the
ceasefire agreements, which reveals the
extent of the enemy's contempt and
breach of all covenants and treaties it
makes and confirms that its thirst for
bloodshed is what governs its mind and
its actions and that all negotiations
and all agreements it signs are nothing
but a waste of time. That's what Hzbah
said after the assassination of Isid
al-Had. We can look at the next slide
because uh Hadad was actually um with
his face blurred but he was the guest in
um the really important Alazer
documentary what is hidden is greater uh
program on October uh 7th operation and
that was in um January of 2025. if
people want to go watch that. There's a
lot of uh really important um unheard
discussions like we don't hear from
these commanders in this way. And we
heard from Hadad all through the
documentary at length in a way that I
think is unprecedented in terms of um of
time and um the fact that it was in the
middle of the battle to do that
interview um was pretty impressive. And
of course he um explained that the
operation was because of the prisoners.
it was to free the prisoners. Um, and
that was the the goal of the operation.
And he also thanked the Axis of
Resistance for all of the role that they
played uh in that battle. And uh he
called it um he said that their names
would be recorded in history for their
resistance. Hzbalah, the Iraqis, the
Iranians, um Ansar Allah and Yemen, the
many armed forces of course. So again,
always saluting the unity of fields. Um,
and that's what we saw in this
documentary. If people uh haven't seen
it and they're interested in the
resistance report, they'll very much uh
it's a very important documentary by
Alazer. Um, and the next slide, we now
have the new commander here. Uh, on the
right side there is Muhammad OD. He is
the new uh chief of staff. On the left
you see this is in the planning room
before October 7th. Um they've got the
map of the Gaza envelope set out there
which um the commander uh Muhammad Oda
he was the commander of military
intelligence within Kasam. So he was
very much involved in g getting the
intelligence that led to um the
devastating attack on the Gaza division
which collapsed it in literally minutes
um because of the preparation because
they knew how the bases functioned um
and that was Muhammad Oda's role there.
You can see him here with Muhammad Alv
um the assassinated commander uh is on
the left there. That's Abu Oda that you
see um Hal Kut and um that's Rafa Salame
who was the um communis uh brigade
commander but he's also a top aid to
Muhammad Al. And then on the right side
of that picture you see Muhammad Oda. So
he was the intelligence chief. Um he was
uh the lead uh overseeing the failed
Israeli raid in 2018. the intelligence
raid that um Kasam foiled and took over
all of the recording gear that uh Israel
attempted to get to record inside of the
tunnels. Um he goes all the way back to
Casam to preassam to the counter um uh
counter intelligence force, the Maj uh
force that was led by Yaha that was uh
tasked with routing out collaborators.
So he's just a core member of the
military council. he is a an obvious
choice to lead the group. Um, and during
the battle in Gaza, he was uh
responsible for the battle in the north
after uh Isadin al-Hadad took over as
chief of staff. So, he worked closely
with Hadad in the north through all of
that. So, everything we know about the
battle uh in Gaza um you know, these are
the leading generals that were behind
it. Um, and so there's a new uh uh chief
of staff for the Cassam brigades uh
after the assassination of Izzadin
al-Had.
Um, let's go to Lebanon now. We're going
to report on uh the same thing we've
been doing for the last 10 weeks. This
is week 11 of covering the battle in
South Lebanon. We're looking at the map
here. are the key areas to look at are
Nakura on the western coast there and
just a bit north of there Biada um is
where there's been a lot of fighting um
Bintage Bale and a bit to the west of
Bintage Bale is uh Jablat um an Israeli
base that was set up inside uh Lebanon
during the ceasefire. I'll show you a
map shortly with those on it. But then
up um following up the Galilee panhandle
that you see on the right hand side
there um with Matula at the north just
about 3/4 of the way up the uh Galilee
panhandle is Hoola. Um and there's
another Israeli base that's there and a
lot of the fighting has been um in those
river valleys to the north of Hoola up
to the Latani River at that point where
it's the closest to Israel. And of
course as Rokaya said 1.4 24 million
displaced in Lebanon. 55 towns and
villages um slated to be erased. Many
already have been. This is just Israel's
genocidal rampage in lock step with the
United States and tens of billions of
dollars in aid. It's just a continuation
of the genocidal war now against the
people of Jabel Aml in South Lebanon.
And everything that we have seen in
Gaza, we're seeing again um in Lebanon.
Um let's take a look at the next map
here because this is operations um
concentrations over the past 30 days.
And you can see uh like I said the
concentrations on the western coast
there. Then the concentrations moving up
from the Jablat site uh up into um uh
Benjabel uh governoritate there. you can
see in the center. Um, and then you go
up the Galilee panhandle and like I
said, where you can see north of Hoola,
the concentrations of operations right
up near the Latani River. And when we
see this next map, you'll see uh how it
matches. Those are the five bases that
Israel set up inside Lebanon during the
ceasefire. And they've used those as the
jump off points for their invasion. And
today, um, the key ones we're going to
focus on are the second one, uh, in from
the coast. That's the Jaba Blat site.
We're going to see that site hit, uh,
multiple times. Um, and then going up
the Galilee panhandle to the base that
that's called the Abbed site that is
near Hoola. We're going to see that get
hit with a drone swarm operation. Um,
and so just to give people a sense of
those outposts, I talked about them and
showed you different maps that didn't
have the landscape quite as well as this
map. So I wanted to bring you uh that
and we are going to take a look in this
next video of the drone swarm attack on
the Israeli base. So you're going to see
immediately here uh footage of an attack
drone sped up by Hezbollah crashing into
a IDF truck on the base. You can see the
base on the left there. Here they're
going to show it in normal speed. Um,
again, these are the FPV drones. You're
talking about $400.
I think you can get them for $250. And
then you have the um, okay, watch here
with the truck. So, the trucks sees the
drone coming, sees the warhead, slams on
its brakes, and the warhead hits
directly. So, this is now drone number
two entering the base. Drone number two
is going to look and do a battle damage
assessment of drone number one. And
there you see the truck there in poor
shape to say the least after getting hit
by an RPG anti-tank warhead. But that's
the second drone. This drone is now
going to come up to his target. So he
does a battle damage assessment. And
here he's going to smash into what looks
like um an electrical station on the
back of a helmet. Um, this is obviously
an important um, it's basically a
miniature power plant on the back of
this truck. And of all the choices that
they hit, they hit that. That is key to
the air defense system that's on that
base running. And there you can see um,
the battle damage assessment from the
third drone showing that vehicle uh,
completely destroyed. Um, so Hzbollah
this week's shown us a bunch of battle
damage assessments. Um, so after filming
that, this third drone is now going to
come up to his target. So each drone is
uh carrying out an attack and also
carrying out a battle damage assessment.
So answering a lot of questions about
what happens here, he goes right into
the throat uh of this uh Merk of a tank
here. We haven't seen too many of that
with the barrel uh with the gun barrel
pointed up. Um that's certainly not the
strongest part of the tank for sure. You
can see uh it's separated out there and
he hits that dead on. And here there you
see uh from the fourth drone, the third
drone hitting the tank. And so you can
see the smoke coming up there from the
tank. We're going to see it again uh
from a different angle. But this drone
is going to do the battle damage
assessment for the previous drone uh
before this drone goes up and carries
out its attack. So you can see the smoke
there on the right rising up from the
tank that was struck. And you can see a
little bit to the left. That's the Hemet
in flames still there. You see, as it
passes over, now it's going to target
the other helmet uh and take out the the
base's uh power station, the electrical
uh station for this base. So, again,
targeting has uh adaptations on the
battlefield for targeting um that we're
seeing from Hezbollah is really
remarkable. Um and that drone swarm
attack on the Abbed site was a
significant one this week. Let's take a
look at the next video because they
continued the operation on this same
base. Um they're going to hit one of the
uh troop transport trucks. You can see
it there driving up the mountain to the
base. All of these bases inside of
Lebanon that have been set up are on the
high ground. So Israel knew to take what
ground to take because the security zone
from the 18 1980s and 1990s um and they
knew where the important hills were to
take for overwatch. But here, this drone
has spotted this troop transporter. So,
the troops drive into a lower base
inside Israel and then are shuttled.
Sometimes they're shuttled on
helicopters, but we've seen almost none
of those uh this time around. So,
they're shuttled on these uh you can see
a bus there. And an anti-tank warhead
driven into the middle of uh essentially
uh a soft shelled bus is going to make a
big mess. Um but no reports of that from
the Israelis like it didn't happen. Um
let's go to number 11. We can see the
continuation here. Um same base being
hit. This is a a
this is a truck that is transporting the
tanks. So they don't put the tanks on
the road. So to get the tanks up to the
base, they put them on these flatbed
trucks. So again, critical logistics
vehicle here. Although they're going to
target the driver here. um critical
logistics vehicles um that we're seeing
being targeted, logistics forces being
targeted. And when an RPG round hits
these vehicles, it's a 100% confirmed
destruction of the vehicle. Whereas when
it hits the tanks, um it's it's hit and
miss depending on where you hit on the
tanks. We can go to the next one um
because we're going to see this is just
10 minutes after the previous operation.
So, again, we're starting to see
low-level swarms to hit these same bases
one after another, and I suspect we're
going to see more of that uh in the
future. You see the tank that's parked
right beside the troop transport uh
track. He's going to fire on the tank
there. Um they're still hitting tanks.
They hit 48 tanks in the last 30 days.
Um which is lower percentage than uh
previously. The um yeah, they give us a
nice rewind here in the original
Hezbollah video. Um 48 tanks hit in the
past 30 days. So, it's not like they
have stopped doing that. We can go to
the next one. Um are we at 13? Yeah.
Um this is also in Hoola. This is right
near that base uh where Israel is
destroying homes. We're going to see
them set up on a D9 armored bulldozer
here. move in under control and destroy
the D9 armor bulldozer. We know this
from Gaza that these RPG rounds that are
on these drones. Um, this is what Kasam
would use to destroy um to destroy these
vehicles, these D9 armored bulldozers
that are given uh to the Israelis by the
Americans. Um, we saw 30 of these in the
past 30 days. So, a D9 a day um being
taken off the battlefield. We can go to
the next um the next one. Now, here we
have an anti-tank guided missile strike
against a troop presence. If you look
dead in the center of the screen, you
can see the little Israeli soldiers
scurrying to their uh to their base. Um
one after another, you can count them
up. I did tried to do a count. I think I
got somewhere between 12 and 15 of them
moving into this position. You can see
there's five or six more there. We just
saw four or five before. You're going to
see another uh few of them here. So, um
a significant number of troops are going
to be in this house before it is hit. Um
and here you're going to see it targeted
by a cornet anti-tank guided missile
strike directly through the window of
that house that all those soldiers went
into. Um but again, doesn't match the
casualty reports that we're getting out
even though we literally just watched
all the soldiers walk into that
building. Um it's difficult to tell if
that was a thermabaric, but there and
then you can see now more soldiers
running uh from a second base to um to
try to recover the wounded that did not
get reported. Um but you're going to see
ambulances come and join this operation.
You see more soldiers coming down the
hill trying to uh evacuate the wounded
and the scared um the soldiers that have
anxiety from being involved in that
attack. You can see them hightailing it.
Um because they think that the air
hammer alarm is going to go off at any
point and a drone's going to come down
on them. Um so they are running
everywhere they go. There's a smoke
screen there to cover the extraction
um of the troops. So they're trying to
cover up. There's the ambulance coming
down the hill um to extract uh
casualties that didn't get reported. And
there you see the ambulance leaving. Um,
so we can do casualty reports just by
watching videos. Uh, we don't need the
Israelis to tell us. Um, but it is
always interesting to see that they
don't tell us. And that's going to be a
repeated theme uh on this week as it was
last week. Um, so significant operation
to hit with uh cornets, a significant uh
missile to be sending into a building
full of soldiers. the shrapnel uh alone
from that blast uh is devastating. Um
okay, we can move to the next one now.
We're at 15. Yeah, we have a thermal
imaging camera here that we're going to
see. There's a Merkova. This is in
Kafarcala.
Um you can see the tank in behind there
hit by the uh Cornet anti-tank guided
missile sites. We're assuming these are
cornets because um the Almas has a
camera on board and you would assume
that we would see the onboard camera. So
I think all of these strikes that we're
seeing are cornets. Um you can see
that's a significant hit. Uh they're
going to see it here from a second
camera that's not a thermal camera and
you can see it much more clearly.
Um
direct strike again one of 48 tanks in
the past 30 days that have been hit. Um
again this is in Kafarcala. So we're
still in the same area. Now these are
operations in Darerion which is in the
Latani riverbed area. You can see what
uh NATO countries might call a
target-rich environment although they
talk about civilians like that and the
uh Hzbollah fighters here are targeting.
See skipping the two armored vehicles
and going for the excavator which
destroys it. But we can go to the next
one too cuz there's a second excavator
uh in the same area. So they're just
plucking where these excavators are
coming to destroy villages as well as
plucking these out. They got more than
18 of these in uh in just in the last 30
days. Again, he's got a choice here of a
D9 armored bulldozer
uh or a um excavator. And he goes for
the excavator cuz the excavator is a
100% guaranteed hit. pretty much 100%
guaranteed hit on the D9's as well, but
the uh excavators have nothing. So, we
haven't seen a battle damage assessment
of these, but these will just explode by
the time the dart pierces. Um the gas
tank will explode and that'll just be um
left as a husk. Um number 18, we're in
the same area here. They're just picking
off vehicles one after another in this
riverbed. Um, we saw last week a half a
dozen videos I showed you from this
week. You can see how they're trying to
conceal all of their vehicles behind
trees and whatnot. Um, he flies by. He's
got a whole bunch of options. Uh, again
here he's going to choose the D9 out of
these options.
Once he gets balanced,
he's ch and I mean all of these flights,
as I've always said, these are
reconnaissance flights, too. So this
they get this data. They're all watching
it back. uh at their base. There's the
hit on the D9. Um and then they can plan
their next operations. The Resistance
has this capability now of overwatch of
um coming in to have intelligence that
previously only used to be uh we can go
to the next one here. It's also in
Dererion. Um but this cap we're going to
chase uh we're going to see them chasing
soldiers here. They go uh one in each
direction. Um, again, air hammer is the
the code that they yell when a drone is
coming down. And Harets told us based on
officers um that what they do is they
duck and pray. Told you that last week
from the Harets uh article.
Um you can see the soldiers uh here who
also not reported wounded in this area.
Um
hit. We can go to the next one is
another uh chasing of a soldier. This is
in Taipei.
Um,
destruction of the villages. You could
see the targeting of the solar panels on
those buildings. Cutting roads. That's
those are roads that are cut by the
Israelis cuz they're afraid of driving
on the main roads um in case there's
IEDs. The Israelis did get hit by
several IEDs this week when they moved
forward uh in the Bintage Bale area.
There you can see the soldier running
for cover. And this drone is going to
hit against this Humvey. And again, it's
going to blow up the Humvey when it hits
it. So, the soldier seems to uh get away
from the drone, but the detonation of
the Humvey beside him is going to
probably make a mess uh in this
situation as well. Number 21, you're
going to see this reconnaissance tour
over another base. This is the uh Jablat
base that I showed you on the maps. And
you can see they're basically ghost
towns. The Israelis are not never in any
of these videos. So, they're not
carrying out their operations uh in
Lebanon in any of these areas. Like
they're all of those observation points
are empty. But this is a base that they
built uh completely during the
ceasefire. And you can see how
significant a base it is. And this is an
interesting target. They're going to
target the uh wireless tower here. And
they're going to hit the um they're
going to hit this um base station
cabinet. It's called basically the power
and the brain of the um wireless tower
there. You can see it right there. Um so
it knocks out their their wireless tower
um on a an isolated base. So something
that they uh a high value logistics
target there. U Java Blat. We can go to
the next one. Um this is a direct hit on
a Hammet fuel tanker. And here we see
again this kind of logistical strikes.
This is what uh fills up all of their
vehicles. You can see the vehicles down
on the left there. The tanks, the I
think it's all tanks actually there. And
there's another tank on the right. And
they skip over all of those and they hit
the uh fuel truck, the gas station for
those tank uh for those tanks. Um so
yeah, we'll see it again here. Uh loop
back. Um those are the Hemet um vehicles
that we saw being unloaded. um sorry
being unloaded uh at the docks uh for
the Israelis from the Americans and the
Israelis brag about how they're totally
and completely dependent on the United
States to carry out this genocide and if
the if these shipments stop the war
would stop immediately. But we're
watching them just take out these assets
that have a finite number. Um, we can go
to the next clip because this is
actually you're going to see this one
again because they did a battle damage
assessment clip for this one because um
well because it was pretty significant
hit. This is a drone swarm on this base.
And look at you can see the burnoff um
that's happening after that strike.
That's this is a battle damage
assessment from the ground from the same
day. Now this is an aerial one from the
same day of the operation. And you can
see the tank that wasn't targeted that I
pointed out on the right there. Look at
it. It's it's burnt. So, and then you
can see it there. The tanks on the right
and on the left is the fuel tanker
that's completely destroyed. And the
fire was obviously so significant that
it burned the tank beside it. Um, and
then there's one more here coming up.
Uh, okay. Yeah. Um, so that was the
battle damage assessment from the
Teraraa operation. This is in Terara
again. Um, this is targeting a Humvey.
And again, they're making the same
choice. You see tanks, you see troop
carriers, you see
um that looks like an engineering uh
troop carrier there on the right. And
they pick out the Humvey in the middle
of it, which is a command vehicle. You
can see it's bristling with
communications gear on the back. So,
it's a main hub for their operations.
And they take that out. They take a
command and control hub out instead of
targeting the tanks that are um um you
know, they're a hit and miss. There's
the tanks are built to stop this weapon
uh expressly. So, uh we can go to the
next uh one here is also another Humvey.
You're going to watch them try to cover
these Humvees uh to give them a little
bit of concealment. So, you're looking
into the bushes here uh with tree
branches over top of it. Um and it's
still going to get hit here. Another
Humvey. So, significant Humvey loss. And
that these are generally troop um troop
leading vehicles, command vehicles um
for the most part. I mean they use them
for lots of things but when you see that
um that uh gear on it especially we can
go to the next one. Um this isn't the
same. This is all in Tara. This is
halfway between uh Jablat and the uh
coast. So there's an excavator that's
hit. Um 18 excavators knocked out in the
past 30 days. um and more in the last
couple of days that we've seen
um significant losses. So these are
definitely battlefield losses. We can go
to the next one um because in the
resistance in terara here they wanted to
show us a battle damage assessment from
these operations. So I showed you this
operation last week. This is their base
uh the Israeli base. You can see the
vehicles parked beside it. And they put
this drone I showed you it last week.
They put the drone through the front
window here into the base. Uh, and this
is now an overflight uh, a couple days
later showing that the base has been
abandoned. The vehicles are gone, the
sites where we had previously seen all
kinds of vehicles. I've shown a bunch of
operations. This is the band battle
damage assessment for the same operation
uh, for the same village uh, Terraharara
which we just uh, watched. We get a
bonus round here uh, of it. the
destruction of that fuel tanker which is
a significant target and I think we
probably will be seeing more of those
struck based on the uh impact of this
drone swarm on this particular base. Um
so again there's the flyover. You can
see the tank on the right is is burnt.
You can see it on the overhead here too
on the right there. You see it burnt up
and then the circle is on the target and
that was the fuel tanker. And then um
this third one is going to show us this
is the uh operation I just showed you.
Um so they publish this a few days later
with a battle damage assessment where
they go back. So what happens to a
Humvey after it gets hit. You're going
to see that first of all you can see the
spot on the wall where it exploded. Um
and you can see basically it's just a
bunch of twisted metal with all of its
uh the rest of it destroyed. And you can
see this from over top there again up
against the building completely
destroyed. So battle damage assessments
that's what we got this week for the
first time. That is the innovation for
this week. We can go to 28 now cuz we're
going to see another innovation here by
these rays. Look at the tarps drag uh
the netting dragged across the
neighborhood here. This is their
solution. I reported on this last week.
158,000 square meters of netting they're
taking there. But watch when this drone
turns back and looks at the village.
They basically just have this fishing
net essentially. It's not even
appropriate netting. Um but they have 20
soccer pitches, uh football pitches,
soccer fields, um of them. But look at
how they've done it. They just draped it
over the neighborhood as if drones fall
like raindrops. I guess is that's the
only way you're going to protect it. And
because you can clearly see that you can
just fly under them. Um, so I'm not sure
what the Israeli plan is with these
nettings, but this is this is ridiculous
what we're looking at here.
Just draping it all across the
neighborhood so you know exactly where
every Israeli troop is in there. I mean,
you can just watch this first part again
where you see that the way that it's
draped. I mean, I don't even really know
what to say about that. Okay, let's go
to uh number 29.
a strike on um M113s have made an
appearance in Lebanon. We know these
M113s are not used on the front lines.
They're aluminum. Um they they don't
work against any of these weapons. Um so
these may be um
truck bombs that we saw used in Gaza. We
saw a previous one being used as an
ambulance.
Um they use these behind the lines to
shuttle troops. They call it a troop
shuttle bus. Um but there it's being
destroyed. Um and there was a number of
reports by Hezbollah this week that they
destroyed M113s that were um that they
forced Israel to destroy M113s that were
taken off their path by resistance
operations and they were explosive. Um
they essentially tank bombs, right? We
talked about this in Gaza. Uh people
will remember. Take a look at number is
this 30?
Oh yeah, let's take a look at 30. Um
here's the coastal road. Um
and the soldiers are coming up in a
couple of vehicles um along the coastal
road. Now we are over in Nakura area
from Bayada to Nakura on the coast along
these headlands here. Um the troops
moving forward. They're in these
vehicles. They're you can see by the
shadows that they're driving. Uh and
this drone is going to deliver an RPG
warhead directly into the driver's
cockpit that you can see right there.
And that slat armor that is on the um
D9s is just not going to get the job
done on um a PG uh 7VL in particular
warhead which is what we've been seeing.
Um so that is a knockout on the uh
coastal highway. Uh we can take a look
at the next one. Uh, also just to say
yesterday the commander of the 401st
Armored Brigade was seriously wounded in
Lebanon in a FPV drone strike.
Um, I'm one behind here. There's a
Humvey covered up in this. Again,
covered up with although the netting is
a bit better on this site that that that
last one was absurd
and not effective. Um, this is this they
think is a little more effective except
that the drone doesn't care that you
have netting over top of your base. It's
just going to fly under the netting
and hit your vehicle. So, there goes
another Humvey. Um, we can look at the
next one cuz this is also the trend of
this week. Popping iron domes.
Um,
particularly the launch. Uh, I showed
you a couple of these last week. This is
the same site. We watched them replace
them last week and you can see them go
in. Some people are saying this is a
decoy. This is not a decoy. Uh you can
see the missiles uh the timer
interceptor missiles that have already
been fired out of it. Um you can see
it's the same as the one on the left. Um
so there's about a $4 million kill of uh
a loaded uh Iron Dome missile firing
unit that you see there. And there was
another one shown uh today on film.
Couldn't get it uh into the show. You'll
see it next week. Um, but Hezbollah
reported three Iron Dome uh systems were
targeted, probably the launchers um that
you're seeing here. Each battery has
three or four launchers. And Hezbollah
said they hit three of them within 24
hours in three different locations. And
this is the primary weapon that Israel
is using against drones. Believe it or
not, they're using their Iron Dome
system against them. Um, so they're
targeting the Iron Dome. And these are a
finite um resource. I mean, so are the
fuel tankers. They don't have unlimited
number of fuel tankers. Um, especially
not battle fuel tankers. Um, and they
don't have as many iron domes as they
wish to have. So, we watched Hezbollah
pick out these iron domes in the
previous war. This is not new, hitting
these iron domes. Um, we watched them do
it in the uh 2023 and 2024 period
multiple times. Uh, as well, we watched
them do it um while it was firing. Um,
we watched them hit it with a coronet.
Um, so these are significant. Like I
said, $4 million here. 2 million for the
launcher, 2 million for the uh missiles
that are inside it, the interceptors. We
can go to the next one. Uh, now here is
we're still in Baya here on the coast
and another excavator is going to get
hit here. So, you're seeing basically
the totality of operations. These are
all operations since you last saw me.
They're all operations within the week
that they're they're published within a
week, sometimes a day, sometimes two or
three days. Now, we were starting
earlier in the war. It was two weeks
sometimes before we were getting them.
Now, we're getting them right away. We
can go to the next one is an anti-tank
guided missile strike uh against uh
Merkova. Here we can watch this on
thermal camera getting hit and you can
see that secondary cookoff. That is
always uh a bad sign if you're a tank
crewman. Uh when the secondary cookoff
happens, I suppose the opposite is true.
If you're a Hezbollah fighter and you
hit a tank and you see the secondary
cookoff there, that's the ammo cook off.
And that is um an attempt to uh save uh
the tank from catastrophe. But in doing
that, uh it lights up the ammo. And it's
uh it doesn't it doesn't save the tank
to uh have a cookoff. Um, let's look at
the next one. We have audio in here
because just before we go to this one, I
just want to say that I'm showing you
these videos because we have videos of
them because they're on the FPV drones.
So, we get to see those. But these are
not the only operations that Hezbollah
are carrying out. Um, they're carrying
out operations constantly. This past 30
days, 140 FPV drone attacks, 56 one-way
attack drone swarms. So that's 50 that's
not 56 drones. That's 56 times launching
drones. Sometimes it's five, sometimes
it's two, sometimes it's one. Uh 51
artillery operations, um 63 rocket
barges, and 15 anti-tank guided missile
strikes um that we don't see on camera.
So, I just wanted to bring you this one
because while this is all happening with
the drones plucking uh cherry-picking
out vehicles and destroying them, these
same bases are under constant rocket
fire. So, let's take a look at number
34. It has audio in, so you're going to
hear rockets here.
So it's the combination of these two
things that is being effective. It's not
simply that Hezbollah has gone strictly
to the um homemade
home assembled uh drones. Um they're
carrying out these other operations as
well. And interestingly, because
Hezbollah is honorable, um to some
degree, they're um adhering to the
ceasefire, they're only fighting in the
areas that the ceasefire is being
violated, which is of course all of
South Lebanon. Um but they have focused
their operations on Lebanon, on Israeli
troops inside Lebanon. Of 339 total
operations in the past 30 days, 318 of
them were inside Lebanon. Um, again,
that honorable resistance versus the
most dishonorable military force that we
have seen in generations in the
Israelis. Um, let's take a look at 35.
This is um this is the last one. This is
a flag. Hezbollah called this the flag
lowering ceremony. And this is the um
the Biada Headlands that you're seeing
here. This is the base for the 226
paratroopers brigade headquarters. And
over the past uh month or so, I've been
reporting on the strikes on that
position. We saw the artillery bases
being hammered. Um and these bases being
hammered um multiple times per day for
each day of the war. We're day uh 80 is
uh we're day 80 today. Um and so the
Israelis, it looks like um according to
Hezbollah's uh intelligence,
surveillance, and reconnaissance,
they've abandoned this base. So
Hezbollah is going to bring this drone
here and do a flag lowering ceremony,
which is a military uh ceremony when you
leave a base and you you take the flag
and you lower it, you fold it. And as
well as doing that for uh for Israel
here, taking out this um taking out this
flag on this abandoned base. Um you're
going to see it here from another angle
of the destruction. They gave us a
battle damage assessment of the flag. So
the flags destroyed in case people on
the internet were like that's a decoy
active protection intercepted it.
Whatever the excuses people make for
what you're watching with your eyes and
they're telling you you're not seeing.
So you're seeing there uh the
destruction of the flag and the flag on
the ground the flag lowering ceremony of
the 226 paratroopers brigade uh
headquarters in uh Baya. So that has
been the resistance report for day 958
of Israel's genocide. And on day 80 of
Hezbollah's defense of South Lebanon